chore: add release notes for PR 9822 (#9837)
determined-ai/determined: docs/release-notes/updated-user-roles-slot-caps.rst

:orphan:

**New Features**

> -  WebUI: In the enterprise edition of Determined, give users with Viewer, Editor, GenAI, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- WebUI: In the enterprise edition of Determined, give Viewer, Editor, GenAI, and
```

> -  WebUI: In the enterprise edition of Determined, give Viewer, Editor, GenAI, and Workspace Admin

Reviewer 2: We also gave the role to the `EditorRestricted` and `EditorProjectRestricted` roles, is that worth mentioning?

Author: sure or we can do (and adjacent roles)

Reviewer 2: Yeaa that works as well!

>    Workspace Admin permissions the ability to view resource quotas for each workspace in the WebUI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workspace Admin roles the ability to view resource quotas for each workspace in the WebUI
```

>    disabled, all users can view resource quotas.

Reviewer: WebUI: In the enterprise edition of Determined, give users with Viewer, Editor, GenAI, and Workspace Admin permissions the ability to view resource quotas for each workspace in the WebUI when RBAC is enabled. If RBAC is disabled, all users have access to resource quota information.

Author: fixed

>    when RBAC is enabled. If RBAC is disabled, all users have access to resource quota information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when RBAC is enabled. When RBAC is disabled, all users can view resource quotas.
```
